Pls send help ASAP. There's someone who broke in to the house and I don't know what he's looking?!
I'm in the bathroom right now hiding in the shower. My phone's on low battery, but I'll try to keep you posted on what's happening. Love you.
They've started punching holes in the wall? Why are they doing this?
Did you piss anyone off because I can hear them yelling, but I can't make out the words through the walls.
Oh God, they're getting closer. I can hear the thumping on the walls even more now. They're dragging something on the ground with them. It sounds dull and bone-like.
I'm going to go into the shower and hide behind the curtain. I texted the police, but I don't know how long they'll take
OH FUCK, they're banging on the door right now. It's gonna collapse. Hurry back PLEASE!,They've made it inside now. I'm curled up in a ball in the bathtub waiting them out. I can hear them knocking things off of the bathroom counter rn.
I think they're turning around, so I'm safe for now. I'm gonna peek over the tub to see who's doing this
Christ in Heaven, WTF is that thing?!, There's something in our house right now and I don't know what in the hell it is. I don't think animals are supposed to have that many eyes and that wide of a mouth. Forget the police, call the SWAT.
I have to get out of here before that thing finds me in the tub. I'm gonna grab the shower rod to beat it back if it finds me.
Fuck, FUck, fuck I think it could sense my movement because as soon as I started walking it stopped and started to head back to the bathroom.
Im gonna run into our room, where you keep the revolver.
Thank the Lord, it went back to the bathroom first. I don't think you can call it a room anymore because that thing knocked the walls down. I think I'm going to throw up if I see it again.
I'm holed up in our room now, but I can hear it crawling down the hallway. I can tell it's low to the ground because I can hear the sound of its fur scraping against the ground. I left the door open because I thought it would notice if I closed it. Please tell me that you or the cops are coming soon. Please, I don't want to fight this thing
Ok it's getting ANGRY, It's ripping the plaster on the wall down and biting everything in sight. I'm going to be honest
I've wet myself and I'm afraid that the creature can smell it., I'm gonna take your revolver and shoot the thing because I will not die whimphering in my own piss.
If I die, you can have my Animal Crossing save. Take care of yourself and my island, love.,It's getting closer. It's started to growl so I think it's ready to pounce on me. I'm going to toss something out of the room to buy its attention and then blow its brains out.
There are no bullets in the gun., I've managed to run down the hall while it's mind was preoccupied and I'm going down the stairs. I'M ALMOST OUT.
Ok, I've made it to the door, but I can hear growling behind it.
Looks like there are more, I'm in the kitchen now and the creature is looking throughout the top floor for me. I think I might just take your Ambien and let this end, because I can't take this any longer.,I'm going to hide in the closet now so that will be where my body is if they don't find it.
